Adapting the Fast SLAM algorithm to
grid maps is altered in the grid-based Fast SLAM algorithm.
Since the grid-based Fast SLAM algorithm uses
a particle filter approach and represents the world in terms of grid maps,
we will need to combine what we learned from
MCL and the Occupancy Grid Mapping algorithm.
Now, we will need three different techniques represented by
three probability functions to adapt fast SLAM to grid mapping.
These techniques are known as the sampling motion,
map estimation, and the importance weight.
Starting with the sampling motion technique.
This technique estimates the current pose giving
the K-th particle previous pose and the current controls you.
The map estimation technique objective is to
estimate the current map giving the current measurements,
the current K-th particle pose,
and the previous K-th particle map.
Looking closely at this probability function,
we can relate it to the mapping problem in which we aim to estimate the map,
giving the robot's trajectory.
So, to solve the map estimation problem,
we can rely on the Occupancy Grid Mapping algorithm.
And finally, there is the importance weight technique
which computes the importance weight of each individual particle.
This method estimates the current likelihood of the measurement
giving the current K-th particle pose and the current K-th particle map.